When choosing your safety equipment for your
motorcycle, gloves for your hands is a very
important component for your safety equipment
and a component that you don't want to miss
out on. Because when you fall, first you do
is stick hands straight out. So you might
want to talk some coverage for your hands.
We have many different styles and textures.
And we have leather gloves and textiles gloves,
and I just wanted to briefly go over some
of the different styles. We have your fingerless
gloves, great for putting your hands down,
not much protection on your fingers. So you
might want to consider that when looking at
them. And we have textile gloves. As we've
discussed, they're a purely a textile material
style glove with a leather palm for protecting
your palms, great in the summertime, they
breathe easily. And if you are looking for
a little extra protection, in the unlikelyhood
of an accident, you have some heavier, sturdier
leather gloves with a little composite extra
knuckle protection. If you choose to, try
them on. Always close your hand. You know,
kind of make sure they feel comfortable and
they fit well like regular winter gloves or
something. Make sure they're comfortable and
that you can wear them for long periods of
time. Its all in a personal preference. And
here we have some full on race gloves and
I brought them out just for fun because they're
a different style. If you like to or are looking
toward going to the track and spending any
time at the track, they're full leather race
gloves with composite for your wrists, a little
extra wrist protection. So just keep all of
that in mind when you're purchasing your safety
equipment and always wear them.